and there are also mounting fears of an
escalation in the conflict on Israel's
border with Lebanon Lebanese officials
say four civilians including three
children have been killed in an Israeli
air strike near the southern town of
inata the Israeli military says it is
examining the incident lebanon's
Hezbollah militant group has responded
by firing rockets at the northern
Israeli town of Kat
scha let's speak to DW's special
correspond
Aman ISF joining me from the Lebanese
Capital Beirut Aman Lebanese officials
have said that four Lebanese civilians
have been killed in an Israeli air
strike what more can you tell
us well authorities in Lebanon say that
this was a strike from an Israeli drone
it seems like it was a direct hit on
this car that was carrying uh three
young girls aged 10 12 and 14 their
mother and their grandmother the
grandmother also died as well as these
three children the mother uh was uh
severely injured but she was pulled
alive from the from the car by her
brother he was a Leones journalist who
was driving in front of that car in a
sort of Caravan uh he said that uh there
was no other possible targets for Israel
in the area and a lot of Lebanese are
speculating that he was himself the
target he um Israel has also killed a
Lebanese joural journalist very early on
in this latest con conflict Hezbollah
the militant Group which is backed by
Iran and basically controls the south of
Lebanon said that is going to uh that it
has retaliated um killing one Israeli
but no word yet if that is a civilian or
uh military personnel now these
incidents sound certain to raise
tensions um are there signs of further
escalation in the conflict on Israel's
border with
Lebanon well the Lebanese government
seems to be going the official route
they said they're lodging a complaint an
urgent complaint to the UN against this
strike on a civilian Target by the
Israeli military but don't forget that
it's not the Israel not the Lebanese
government that has control in the South
but rather Hezbollah which is the
largest party but it's backed by Iran
and and operates somewhat autonomously
in the region there uh they said that
Israel has to pay the price for this
attack and we have to see in the next
few days what exactly they mean by that
now the leader of Hezbollah
Hassan nasala said last week basically
that he doesn't intend to change the
status quo that all of the actions there
are uh being calculated but one wild
card here is the presence of Hamas in
Lebanon now Hamas is a Palestinian party
it doesn't have that much power in
Lebanon but there are 250,000
Palestinian refugees living in Lebanon
and since the uh Terror attacks on
October 7th and the resulting attack on
Gaza which has killed thousands of
civilians Hamas has started to gain a
lot more popularity among these
Palestinians I went to one of the large
refugee camps here just south of Beirut
and you can hear what they told
me Crossing into bour alaraj Palestinian
refugee camp Giants of the Palestinian
cause watch over you some say that
20,000 people live here in less than 2
square km that would make it as dense as
Gaza City the similat ities between the
two places are hard to miss makeshift
block houses narrow streets un
facilities providing
Aid every street here is strung with
this mass of wires and water pipes they
were actually built by the residents
themselves with the help of Aid
organizations that's because this Camp
isn't serviced or inspected by Lebanese
authorities it's kind of a world apart a
little Palestine where residents are
basically sitting and waiting to go back
to their original
homelands
deep inside the maze of streets we meet
an elderly woman who was born in Taria
in present day Israel but was forced to
flee in 1948 when she was just 2 years
old she's lived her whole life as a
refugee in recent weeks she's done
little but watched the news and
grieve I've been watching from the first
day of course I have it's my family and
my
friends of course I've been watching my
dear May Muhammad protect all of the
people of
Gaza and with the help of Muhammad we'll
all return to our
country the militant group Hamas has
never had much of a foothold here in
bourj baraji but its name has appeared
scribbled on walls in recent
[Applause]
weeks some people celebrated the Hamas
Terror attacks on October 7th in these
[Music]
streets now they're furious at the
Israeli
response imod was born here he got a
degree in business management in Beirut
but because he's a refugee he's barred
from most jobs outside the camp so he
sells flavored ice from a
motorbike I do feel a very strong
connection with Gaza I feel like one of
them when I see a building collapse or a
child dying I get goosebumps and I feel
anxious and angry about it so if a war
starts in Lebanon I would join the
resistance to defend Palestine my family
and my kids are not better than the ones
dying in
Gaza I ask him if he condones hamas's
killing over over 1,000 Israeli
civilians in October he denies without
evidence that they were the targets of
the
attacks there's an increase in violent
anti-israel sentiment here as the news
of Civilian deaths and Gaza plays on TVs
across the camp but at the same time
there's a growing fear of what might
happen if Hamas and its allies were to
draw Israel into a wider War the
Palestinian guys if you see here in the
camp like my brother or my men cousins
they are able to have a gun and go to
the borders to to to kill the Israeli
and this is our land and we want it back
do you think that it's wise to not
provoke Israel so that Lebanon stays out
of the war as you see the building in
the camp they are not well maintained
they are not so it's one bomb they will
let the camp fall down so I will die so
for sure I I I don't want war and I
think no one in Lebanon wants war and we
don't also want peace with Israel so
that's it dreading War unwilling to
accept peace it's a contradiction that
runs through this
camp Aman thank you for that report and
we saw there those examples of support
for Hamas within that refugee camp I'm
curious whether you felt that Hamas is
gaining more of a foothold in Lebanon as
a result of the
war I don't know if it is gaining a
permanent foothold uh that is to say
that fat is still the dominant political
uh Power in these refugee camps don't
forget fat is uh more moderate uh
Palestinian party secular uh believes in
a two-state solution this is what Mahmud
Abbas is from uh so this still remains
in power there uh and tamas doesn't
really have a foothold in that sense but
in terms of popularity they've certainly
grown a lot more popular since October
7th you saw the celebrations in the
streets there and a lot of people
grieving what's happening in Gaza now
with the Israeli bombardments there's
been a kind of radicalization going on
you could you could see playing there's
news playing on TVs in almost every
corner Non-Stop and they're getting a
kind of filtered version of what's
happened uh especially on October 7th
people I talked to denied that civilians
uh were the targets of the Hamas Terror
attacks because they're getting videos
that uh don't explicitly show that um
that isn't to deny that there is a
certain violence a swell up of violence
in these Palestinian refugee camps a lot
of people there uh uh have the feeling
that something has to change don't
forget that we're almost in the fourth
generation of refugees has been living
in Lebanon uh as refugees meaning they
can't really work in most jobs they're
contained to these camps for four
generations without prospects of a
future and for a lot of them uh having a
two-state solution or going back to uh
their grandparents homelands is an
existential question for them and so in
a very tragic way any kind of movement
on the Palestinian Israeli question is
uh some kind of hope for them and uh
they see that in what is happening uh in
the in the region right now despite how
tragic it is uh so I wouldn't say that
Hamas has a foothold necessarily but
certainly people are watching this and
saying perhaps something is moving now
despite all the violence that is going
on Amy and thank you so much for your
insights that's DW's correspondent Aman
EF reporting from
Beirut